my ideas like highs they come and they
go it seems I've forgotten what I need
to know someone so shallow so I
lop
so my day
on my way
why
I'll do it passing time
someone so shallow
yes we have
is a soul
like
on my way
ha
yeah that's a bummer I got the whole
thing on tape oh my God he's feel that's
my pocket looks like you can follow up a
motorcycle all tried it could be a giant
bruise my dad is Jim yes yeah another
action of the trucks caught on tape hi
fucking her that's how I'll shit out of
your man i'll try yourself out of the
way I said we'll nothin hope you've
enjoyed this one it'll certainly teach
you how to use the tools and I think
you'll find it very very rewarding from
all of us so long from Michigan and God
bless my friend